[Music]
tonight we're taking game night up a
notch oh boy someone in this room is
going to be taken and it's gonna be up
to you to find them it's a murder
mystery party whoever finds the victim
wins the grand prize you're not gonna
know what's real and what's fake wait a
sec you can't just come in here and
break the door guys make sure you get a
piece of this cheese okay Roger that you
drive safe I've always enjoyed the
camaraderie of good friends competing in
games of chance and skill dear Eva yeah
it seems like Ryan you could curse I'm
scared
[Music]
it's not a joke people are in real
danger
[Music]
so much worse
stop wait me I have kids at home not
with an ass like yet you don't oh thank
you oh no he died
this is instructions on how to remove a
bullets didn't have rubbing alcohol so I
got you this lovely sharp good idea way
to pivot and then a squeaky toy for the
pain so can I ask you a hypothetical
question oh dear I don't like
hypothetical questions oh I don't think
you're gonna like the real one either do
you have the papers not yet this is a
devastating security breach that was
leaked out of the Pentagon the most
highly classified documents of the war
the time says 7,000 pages detailing how
the White House has been lying about the
Vietnam War for 30 years the way they
lied those days have to be over
okay people are concerned about having a
woman in charge of the paper but she
doesn't have the resolve to make the
tough choices Thank You Arthur for your
frankness let's do our jobs find those
pages we're talking about exposing years
of government secrets is that legal
what is it you think we do here for a
living kid then I might have something
must be precious cargo
it's just government secrets the New
York Times was barred publishing any
more classified documents dealing with
the Vietnam War if you publish will be
at the supreme court next week meaning
we could all go to prison to make this
decision
to risk her fortune and the company
that's been her entire life
well I think that's brave if the
government wins the Washington Post will
cease to exist and if we don't hold them
accountable who will we can't hold them
accountable if we don't have a newspaper
Nixon will muster the full power of the
presidency and if there's a way to
destroy you by God he'll find it I'm
asking your advice Bob know your
permission she can't do this the legacy
of the company is at stake what will
happen if we don't publish
we will lose the country will lose
what are you going to do mrs. Graham
[Music]
you clean that lab you get out
she deaf-mute ciner she can hear you
the thing we keep in there is in the
front and I should know I dragged it all
the way here it's a lot of blood what
went on again it was you that found my
fingers there was mustard almond Soviets
want it we know that much we need to
take it apart learn how it was what
happened it's an animal just keeping it
tame
who needs toshi iishe i can either save
him I let him down
don't do this alasa don't do this I'm
gonna be synchronizing our watches just
like they do in the movies Oh woman we
gonna burn in hell
[Music]
the answer do you have it sir I'm
getting it back
our concern is the Russians and [ __ ]
this mess you delivered right right we
didn't see nothing
what am i doing interviewing the [ __ ]
cleaners he's a wild creature we can't
ask him to be anything else
you were speaking Russian Bob
[Music]
finish the job
Aliza honey he's coming for you
[Music]
good morning wife
this is great look out your window why
you know I'm taking you away for the
weekend I just can't believe this is my
life that I get to live with you
that meant nothing to me before you can
agree his office we wanted to welcome
the new fiction editor
I bought it for us I should have asked
you first Christian this is Jim Matteo
the architect this location is perfect
I'm going to build you a fabulous house
please stop speaking of my husband as if
I weren't here and you may call me mrs.
gray I'll pick you up in five I may not
be done by then
we're a followed
how the hell are you Anna
Jack what do you want
so you wanna play yes sir
I made a vow to love you faithfully
forsaking all others did you sleep with
her to comfort few 1 times in need and
to keep you safe first honest we bust
y'all ass
Peter are you sure you know what you're
doing yeah never stopped me before
[Music]
show me your teeth do you like a go
black how are you so good to see you it
looks like there's a new owner this guy
this is our land
hello I'm be Thomas McGregor these gates
are incredibly sturdy I just need to
keep the wildlife out where they belong
in London we find vermin and we
exterminate them we're about to find out
no mrs. tiggy-winkle stop look away this
is our ancestors land it's time to get
our garden back we're gonna need
everyone come on Roxie Roxie
Benjamin loved them things are not done
to end well for you no guts no glory
it's time to bring the fight to him
[Music]
like several old way to always get along
perfectly
and that's what separates us from the
French our natural ravage space should
be able to keep up do you know what that
would never have worked
[Music]
or KD is a hotbed for supernatural
activity there's a whole other world we
know nothing about creatures living in
shadows monsters living amongst us
whenever they are someone or something
in Arcadia is at the center of this oh
my gosh is this a call like a I could
old troll and a mission are we really
doing this I think we are but I was only
half listening and he was talking really
fast I don't know we're supposed to be
doing
it cannot be death with me on every
doorstep Arcadia was turned to ash we're
gonna have to stop it
yes
if only I had a portable Warhammer oh
wait I do
corn
[Music]
the amulet made you a troll
you made yourself a healer
[Music]
our breakfast burrito every year
grandkids cousins
pretty much everyone gets together even
grandma I tell her pretty much
everything like this some more I mean
see that's what I thought you said the
animals worthless has begun it's the one
night of the year
our ancestors can come visit us I
thought I might've been one of those
made-up things I was just at night is
about family
I am not like the rest of my family
there's something that makes me
different great-great-grandfather I want
to be a musician just like you all right
moving uh I'm sorry
welcome to the land of your ancestors oh
yeah we're your family your skeletons
your eyes
[Music]
gotta get home before sunrise or you'll
be stuck or perhaps forever Oh security
[Music]
It's Showtime
you my boy are meant to be a musician I
must follow my heart
[Music]
I am trying to save your life nice kitty
again something's not good more than you
think
sorry
we may have our differences but
nothing's more important than family
I'm proud my family
[Music]
go make you go it's just biting never
named a street dog they'll follow you
forever now go get my shoe it seems like
from the moment you're born people think
they got you all figured out now I know
when you look at me you think babe you
think scary sorry I almost killed you
had the perfect life until one day all
yours everything changed from the
creators of Rio and Ice Age dude now
you're talking to my butt I'm Oona
I'm DOS and I'm laugh at all what
happened a truce we do not speak a face
I really need to get back home
[Music]
racism first there's no escape sucks to
be you this December there are places
out there where you don't get pushed
around for being yourself how getting
out of this place and not leaving anyone
going let's go home guys can you just
try to be a little more
[Music]
the only thing bigger than his heart
we'll be as journey home
funny
Ferdinand
[Music]
since the dawn of time
life on Earth has been constantly
evolving but with every step forward
there are always a few still trying to
catch up you know we always hunt rabbits
couldn't try hunting something bigger
look at the solar tribe we are with a
rabbit hunting try and it served us very
well up till now the rabbits are 14
I don't think this is rabbits the edge
of stone is over
long live the edge of bronze bronze
sliced bread Wow that's the best thing
since well ever where have you been the
Stone Age
we've got our finished it's time to take
our Valley value
you're pretty brave gave run
and stupid strange magic is actually
more stupid than brave really Thanks
Romeo and Juliet are moving to a whole
new garden
all clear it's not quite perfect but
it's ours think of all the adventures
we're gonna have oh man Kady that is
just are you done humans coming poses
everyone they were supposed to live
happily ever after but when their world
is in danger Julia
the gnomes throw Cup there's only one
known to call and Sherlock knows sworn
protector of garden nose you mean except
for the one you literally just
[Music]
terrible danger of the director of
kungfu panda can't anyone hear this but
they're going to smash us all tomorrow
night adventure we have to get across
that River
we'll need a ship no [ __ ] Sherlock you
look great unknown hey our next clue is
in the park directions cricket this
follow the blue line on the ground until
you find the giant red Suns MacAvoy and
we block - attila dear poor mary j blige
and Johnny Depp with original music by
Elton John and Bernie Taupin
you have to go in to come out let's go
to forward hold home to give me I've
never been the back end of a spoiler
before knows that's not how a squirrel
six it's behind mankini can you
demonstrate you son do you see yes
you're acting like a rear end
[Music]
best